[Music]
I did Serena darling three times and
each time you said you were getting up
right away and you believed me hold it
still brats you poor thing
did those creepy kids you kitty she's
got lots of him in lots of colors pink
purple I like for sure all right what
are we waiting for let's yeah Serena ha
ha beautiful but the holic the oracle
says it's time to the other dimension to
unleash the power of the nega force
[Music]
mommy what's going on welcome ladies
here's your test two old diamonds
sapphire I don't get it my mom sure
acting strange yeah
what'd you put in her this more today
only everything in the store is 90
percent off yes Jeremy what are you
doing here why Serena I came to you of
course who else a talking cat the
champion of Justice Sailor Moon never
you and I'm sure I never will again
others will do do not be afraid I will
with you but my mom and I had the
strangest dream last night that we were
by this hideous monster and this this
beautiful warrior named Sailor Moon safe
what are you kidding I had the same
dream yeah that's weird
this is the one so even back so much
what are you doing here all by yourself
huh don't tell me you're a addict just
like Serena hmm what are you doing in my
dream are we in some kind of danger he's
so mysterious
ah maybe he wants to take me up front
[Music]
you've read my mind
sailor moon dear lost love it's been
many years since we lost each other but
you are never far from my heart
shouldn't you be going home and doing
your homework head don't call me that
are you sure
but this is the station mine was on Oh
for the thousandth time there's no
program called fine at the station right
now go home I'm going oh it's that same
garden do it again am i gonna him
without him recognizing me I've got it
[Music]
quiet now don't listen to this imposter
ladies he doesn't even know what loves
about it doesn't care what bit about
your hopes and dreams is just you
sometimes the hardest thing in the world
yourself
[Music]